Hi. I'm Chuck.
Here are a few things
that you might need to know:
I will do anything in my power
to help bring back Chuck's
mother and to eliminate Volkoff
and his organization.
Agent Sarah Walker, you're under arrest.
What?!
It was all a setup
to establish my cover
as a double agent.
I'm going undercover
into Volkoff Industries.
I'm going to take them down
from the inside.
That's exactly how
I lost my mom.
That's exactly how you're
going to get her back, Chuck.
I'm doing this for you, okay?
I'm doing it for us.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
That all you got?
Sorry.
Hey, you seen Bartowski?
That depends on who's askin'.
Sorry, I was just sort of
workshopping a tough guy voice.
I need some more work.
Huh.
Any-who, uh, I have not
seen Chuck. What's up?
Well, Walker's been
all over Europe,
taking jobs as a rogue agent.
Volkoff's finally noticing.
Want to make sure
Chuck's in the loop.
That's great news.
But seeing as how Chuck is not
here, do you have a second
to have a little chitchat
with me, man-to-man?
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, but...
Listen...
Sarah going to be undercover
in Volkoff Industries
for a long, long time.
and I think that Chuck
will be hurting inside...
Ah, the feelings.
I see why you came to me.
Whoa, whoa, whoa...
seriously,
these situations
tend to send Chuck,
well, to the dark side.
He'll wind up sitting around
the house moping and sulking,
and eating Cheetos,
and... watching The View.
Anyways, I need your help
in sort of, I don't know,
keeping Chuck's spirits up.
Maybe we could tranq him
till Walker gets back.
Huh! Here's Mr. Mopes now.
♪ ♪
Morning, fellas!
Hey.
You two are looking
very dapper this a.m.
How's my crew? Crew.
Well, you're chipper today.
Yeah, well... I just heard
the news about Sarah.
I mean, it's only been
a few weeks
and she's well on her way to
taking down Volkoff
and freeing my mom, so...
what's not to be happy about?
Abso-toot-ly!
We were just talking about
the same thing!
We're thrilled and very happy,
and you're happy...
happy, happy, Chuck.
He's happy.
I see. I get it.
I-I see what is going on here.
You're afraid I'm just
going to sit around the house
eating Fritos all day
because Sarah's gone.
I thought it might be Cheetos,
but, uh, yeah.
L-Look guys, I-I get it.
I... and I appreciate
your concern,
I really do, but I've thought
a lot about this.
When my mom disappeared
into the Volkoff organization,
her mission changed her.
She became a different person.
But that's never
going to happen with Sarah.
Mm.
Yes.
She'll always remain
the exact same Sarah Walker.
♪ ♪
Sarah Walker.
Love what you've
done with the hair.
Please, sit.
I hear you've turned
against the CIA.
Treason, was it?
It was.
Hmm.
Bit out of character.
Years ago, I told Chuck
that I didn't want him
to be a spy.
I tried to get him
to run away with me.
But despite all your
pleadings, he said, "no."
He did.
I knew it.
But I still loved him.
We got trapped
in a CIA-run world
with no way out; no exit.
Unless...
There's always an "unless."
Unless I took matters
into my own hands.
I turned on the CIA
because I want to cash out
and build a life.
It may sound foolish,
but I'm trying to...
buy a future with
the man that I love.
You know, I'm a bit of
a hopeless romantic myself,
art of massage,
that sort of stuff.
So...
what do you want?
I want to come
and work with you.
Ms. Walker...
even if you've told me
the truth about your motives,
why would I ever trust you?
Fair question.
The reason you're
going to trust me
is because I'm not
going to kill you,
right here and right now.
You...
are such fun.
Thank you.
"Velcome" to Volkoff Industries.
Transcripted by addic7ed.com
♪ Na-na na-na na-na ♪
♪ Na-na na-na
na-na ♪
♪ Na-na na-na na-na ♪
♪ Na-na na-na
na-na ♪
♪ Na-na na-na na-na ♪
♪ Na-na na-na
na-na ♪
Now, you and I have to discuss...
♪ LA LA, LA LA ♪
how best to utilize
your particular skills.
Yes, let's.
Sarah Walker, a traitor.
This I had to see
with my own two eyes.
Well, it shouldn't
come as a total surprise.
After all, your actions
did serve as a...
sort of inspiration.
Alexei, may I
have a word in private?
She's going to betray you;
you know that.
It depends how you
define betrayal.
Now, remember your intentions
when you first met me?
Now you're my right hand.
- Have dinner with me.
- Alexei!
Lunch, breakfast, uh,
a bit of cake with
a cup of coffee.
Alexei, stay focused.
You know I get
great pleasure from
bending people to my will.
I do.
She could be very useful to us.
What if we had her
break Yuri out of prison?
That is a wicked idea.
Thank you.
Sarah, we're going to have you
break out Yuri the Gobbler.
Now, don't ask why
he's called that.
It's because he eats people.
Basically, it's
a suicide mission.
I love a good suicide mission.
So do I.
Morgan!
Dude, come here.
Listen to this.
Pretty amazing, right?
Dude, it's all sorts of amazing.
Where do I start?
Are you putting Kahlua
in your cereal again?
Buddy... the beeps...
that's Sarah.
What? She can't use
voice communication
when she's undercover,
so the CIA developed
a tonal language for us,
that only we understand.
Get out of here.
And right now, she's...
she's saying she loves me.
Or she's planning on buying a
Buick, I can't really tell.
It's a very confusing
language; lot of nuances.
It's beeps and things,
it's... I can understand.
Morgan!
Can I borrow
your T-shirt?
But of course.
I gather things are
going well with Alex?
So well.
This girl...
is the coolest girl
I've ever dated...
and I've dated almost...
- Three? Three.
- Three? No.
Three. Three.
Hey, Chuck.
Don't freak out.
Stay calm.
But your girlfriend
is currently wearing
your previously unworn,
original issue,
Zemeckis authenticated
Back to the Future T-shirt.
Oh, dear sweet goodness.
Pizza, orange juice.
Pizza, orange juice. What?
Um...
Come back to bed so we can
cuddle for before I go to work
Uh-huh. Absolutely.
Totally.
There's still time... you can get
in there and save that T-shirt.
No. I'm cool.
Excuse me?
Nah, she looked... just...
really cute in it, didn't she?
Let me ask you
a quick question.
What the hell's wrong with me?
Nothing's wrong with you,
my friend... but I have
news for you, Morgan.
I think you're in love.
What?
Okay.
I'm in love?
I'm in love.
Maybe you're right.
Wow. Do I tell her?
Well, that's...
that's a... kind of big deal.
Morgan!
Are you coming?
Let's finish this conversation
at the Buy More.
I have some more
snuggling to do, and...
no, I'm not embarrassed
I just said that.
Stop exactly where you are.
There is one square meter
of land on the entire compound
that is never
under surveillance,
and we are currently
standing on it.
Mrs. Bartowski,
I came here
to help you take down Volkoff
and get you the
hell out of here.
Which is why I want you
to break free Yuri.
He's Volkoff's
most trusted bodyguard,
but I think he has
something to do the Hydra.
Hydra?
Volkoff's network.
A database of
weapons buyers, sellers...
his entire infrastructure.
Early on, I realized
that Hydra is more important
than Volkoff himself.
So how does
the bodyguard fit in?
I really don't know.
But since Yuri was arrested,
Volkoff's communications
with his network
have slowed to a stop.
We should go.
Sarah, I need you to realize
that going undercover
in a place like this
can require
certain difficult choices.
I'm well aware.
You might find yourself
becoming someone
you no longer recognize.
I'm willing to do
whatever it takes.
Oh, good, I was, uh, I was
just coming over to see you.
Really. About what?
Well, I'm having a bit
of an issue with Devon,
and I was hoping
that you could help.
I told you
I can't get him to stop
cooking with no shirt on.
It's not that.
I keep proposing baby names,
and he keeps shooting 'em
down, one after another.
Nothing works.
That's ridiculous.
I'm sorry, El.
It's just that naming the baby
is the last planning that
we have to do before I can
just relax
and focus on the birth.
You know?
Yeah.
No, yeah, totally.
W-W-What can I do to help?
Well, I, I finally picked
the perfect name
and I don't want him
to shoot it down.
It's the most beautiful,
unique, precious name
for a girl.
Well, don't keep me waiting.
What is it?
Tell me.
Gr.nka?
I can't believe she's
going to name her Gr.nka.
Dude. Dude.
We can't.
You can't.
Gr.nka isn't what you name
your beautiful baby girl.
It's what you name...
these people.
Ellie said she wants
the name to be original.
Right?
Mm-hmm.
I think I may know a way
to stop this Gr.nka
in its tracks.
Hey.
Saw Alex leaving your apartment
this morning...
wearing your shirt.
Hmm, right, Alex.
Uh, yeah, see,
that's because, uh...
...she didn't have a shirt.
Hmm?
She... well, what,
what I was meaning to say is
she couldn't,
she couldn't find her shirt.
It was pretty cold,
so we wear lots of shirts,
and it's like
a shirt party, you know.
It's kind of a...
Please don't kill me.
Okay?
I need you to know
that I am a perfect
gentleman with her,
and honestly I,
I really do care about her.
That is all I wanted to know.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Ow.
Hey, any word from Beckman
about what's going on
with Sarah?
No, nothing yet.
Still waiting for contact.
Surveillance disabled.
Whoever's in here,
you're about to enter
a world of hurt.
Yeah, serious world of hurt.
Hello, boys.
Honey.
Oh, gosh, I'm so sorry
for all the drama,
but nobody can know
that I'm here.
I had to disable
the surveillance.
Wow...
Sarah, you look
evocative.
It's so great to see
all of your faces,
but I don't have much time
before I have to leave.
I'm being sent
to Seabrook Supermax Prison
and I need you to create
a diversion for me.
Sorry.
Sorry, you just, you, you just,
you look so different.
You know, hair change.
That's a big...
it's kind of a drastic...
What do you, how do you,
how do you do that?
Is that a wash or a wig?
Uh, right, I need you
to create a diversion so that
I can break out this man:
Yuri Gobrienko,
aka Yuri the Gobbler.
Yikes, a big mother.
Eh, big doesn't always mean bad.
Here are some photographs
of his victims.
Oh, that's not good.
That's impressive.
The Gobbler is
Volkoff's main bodyguard, but
your mom believes that he has
some connection
to Volkoff's database.
Code name Hydra.
I have to rendezvous
with Volkoff's men.
Find a way into the prison.
I'll meet you inside.
Sarah, Sarah, wait, hey,
I know you gotta go, but...
I missed you, too, Chuck.
Wow.
I... it's kind of, it's kind
of like I'm cheating on you
with you, right now.
Good-bye.
Call me on the secure line
with the plan.
Got it.
See you in prison.
What do we got?
Transfer from Gen Pop.
The inmates are having rec time.
Careful, it's been almost
two days without a stabbing.
We're due.
I was thinking
maybe we should just postpone
this mission just lo e enough
for everyone here to get all the
stabbings out of their systems.
What do you say?
Chuck, listen to me.
That tattoo on your face
belongs to the most ruthless
gang in North America.
Well, you just tap on this
bad boy right here and...
uh, it's instant respect.
What have you done?
Hmm?
Just a little bit
of a, of a smudge.
Focus, guys...
timing's limited.
We can only divert surveillance
for a short period of time.
Yeah, and then when you do,
make sure you signal me
as fast as possible
so I can flash
and neutralize the Gobbler.
You just make sure
he's out cold.
He can't know
Walker had any help
getting him out of here.
Yeah, yeah, no...
good, good, good.
Good old-fashioned prison fight.
I'm excited, you know?
You take out the biggest
and baddest dude
in that place, and
guess who's top dog.
You are, all right?
You look better
without it... tougher.
All right, guys, listen up.
New dude in here.
Don't mean to interrupt
your little game of Mah-jongg,
but we got ourselves
a real killer here today.
Yep.
New guy here likes
to fight other dudes.
I would be very,
very careful of this guy.
Killer.
This is the guy.
This is the guy
you don't want to mess with.
All right, dangerous.
Morgan, I think
they get the point.
They all look
like they want to kill me.
Well,
you're welcome, okay.
As you were, guys.
Carry on.
So...
which one of you is
Yuri the Gobbler?
Please, not so loud.
What's going on here?
What are you doing there?
What's the eye thing all about?
The last time
I pointed at him, he did this.
Swallowed 'em whole.
All right, Bartowski,
Walker arrives in three minutes.
Prepare to initiate the fight.
Oh, boy.
The surveillance room
is just up here.
So, listen, um, Alex, you
know, uh, hypothetically,
very hypothetically,
how do you think that
she would respond
to, let's say, me
saying "I love you"?
Stupid thing to say.
What if I actually mean it?
No, the words are stupid.
You love someone, you show 'em.
Heck, I went to her apartment,
built her a shelf yesterday.
Okay, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
You've never told your daughter
that you love her?
I mean, that just seems wrong.
I didn't ask you
what you think, did I?
You can talk to me.
I know a lot about love.
Yeah, no, totally.
Moving in on the Gobbler now.
The closer you get,
the bigger he gets.
Okay, let's get this guard
off the surveillance
monitors. You ready?
It's the only way, right?
We gotta do what we gotta do.
What's his name again?
Steve.
Oh, yeah, Steve.
Hey.
Who are you guys?
You know, it goes against
everything I believe in
to interfere
with a hard-working guard
protecting American citizens,
but this just has to be done.
Happy birthday, Steve.
I know it's a little late,
but all the guards
down in Gen Pop... we wanted
to wish you a happy birthday.
Hey.
You Yuri the Gobbler?
What do you want?
I want your seat.
It looks comfortable.
You try to make point, huh?
Show everyone that you
can, uh, take me out?
Yeah, well, maybe I am and
maybe I just want your chair.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you... ♪
You've got 45 seconds.
Take him out.
Then let me give it to you.
♪ Happy birthday ♪
♪ To you. ♪
♪ ♪
I'm gonna need a little more
time here, guys. Stretch it out!
Guess I'd better get
back to the grind.
♪ How old ♪
♪ Are you now? ♪
Hey, what the hell
is going on in here?
Nobody told us there
was a birthday.
Oh... cake.
Yeah, it's birthday cake.
♪ ♪
Here.
Steve, for you, a big piece.
I don't want
to hear any of that,
you know, "Oh, give me
a skinny slice."
That's good.
♪ ♪
I'm in.
What's the status
on the Gobbler?
Oh, oh!
He's hungry!
Uh, who wants a frosted flower?
Casey, we need
you to unlock the east entrance.
Top dog!
Thanks. I owe you one.
He's in the rec area at
the end of the hall.
You okay?
Hmm?
Oh, just frosting.
Don't ask.
Hey, sweetness.
That's a mighty fine
chair you got there.
I want it.
Oh, for heaven's sake.
Honestly? Right now?
I can't just be top
dog for a minute?
Get up!
What are you looking at?
Nothing.
Well, looks like
you're top dog now.
What?
It doesn't matter.
Let's go.
Come on.
I love sourdough.
I love you.
Was that weird?
That whole finger kiss thingy?
A little.
But I love you, too.
I hate this, when you leave.
But it's all going
to be over soon.
I hope so.
Of course. Of course it will.
We got the Gobbler.
That's big, right?
It could be, yeah.
Chuck, your mom's been doing
this for many years.
It...
It just could take some time.
♪ ♪
Okay.
I'll let you know what we learn.
Bye.
I'm thinking about
a new toaster, babe.
I mean, toaster technology
has come a long way.
Hello. Beautiful friend.
Eleanor.
Uh, can I be of help?
We were just talking
about a new toaster oven.
Toaster oven?
More like bun in the oven.
Right.
Sure.
Any thoughts on names, or...
Actually, we have.
We're naming her Gr.nka.
Gr.nka.
Wow.
Wow. I lost my virginity
to a girl named Gr.nka.
Filthy, filthy lady.
Hard to believe
she was a grandmother.
Oh...
That's just gross, babe.
She was gross.
Sticks in the head.
We should really
rethink the name.
Actually, I'm pretty
happy with my choice.
Sorry to interrupt.
Were you guys talking about that
famous Armenian serial killer,
Gr.nka Kassabian?
What?
Serial killer?
Yes. Yes, we were.
Don't think I don't understand
what you're doing here, Devon.
I'm gonna go wait in the car.
Mission accomplished.
Gr.nka, huh?
Love that name.
I haven't even told
you the name yet.
Right. Ask first,
then say my line.
Sorry.
Hi, um... uh, yeah.
Uh, so what are you
naming your baby?
Yuri.
So good to see you.
Mr. Volkoff.
I love working with this man.
We have a long
and storied history.
You know,
when you were captured,
I was at a complete loss.
My safety compromised.
The one and only agent
with complete access
to my Hydra database,
under lock and key.
I am sorry.
Oh, don't apologize.
I'm not angry.
Just disappointed.
Disappointed?
Well, a little disappointed.
No. Very disappointed.
Sorry.
I have a hard time
with disappointment.
It feels weird, coming back
from a mission without Sarah,
doesn't it?
A little bit.
Could just be
indigestion, though.
We ate a lot of cake.
You know, Sarah
and I just, uh...
kind of started this ritual.
After a rough mission,
we'd order a pizza
and play a board game,
just unwind, you know?
I guess that's not gonna happen
for a little while now, is it?
Hey, did-did we record The View?
Oh...
Shoot, I don't know if I...
did that or not.
But, you know, it's funny
that you should mention
the whole board game thing.
'Cause we were just talking
about how we were itching
to-to play
a classic board game.
Weren't we, Casey?
We were.
So...
Great!
Alexei, what did you do?
He's the only one
who knew about Hydra.
No, Yuri didn't know
about Hydra.
Yuri was Hydra.
Oh...
Just a moment.
Oh! Got it.
I hired Yuri to carry this
device on him at all times.
It cost him an eyeball,
but earned him an unparalleled
place in my corporation.
But Yuri got careless,
got himself captured.
So the Hydra device
had to be extracted.
So this is your database.
Much more than just a database.
This is how I communicate
with my people.
None of them knows each other.
None of them are aware of what
part they play in my puzzle.
Hydra allows me to
see everything.
Hydra is the heart of
Volkoff Industries.
But, the fact that
you're even seeing this
proves that it has a flaw.
Human error.
Yuri's shortcomings
made me realize
what a risk the eye was.
So you just destroyed
the whole system?
Of course not.
I just downloaded all the data
to a more secure
backup location.
Good.
No more complications.
Now, good work, Sarah.
But before I reward you,
there is one small issue that
we still have to take care of.
Come.
The jet's ready to depart.
Actually, no.
There are two issues.
We've got a dead
body on the floor.
Phyllis, cleanup!
World domination never gets old.
Guys, thanks for
keeping my spirits up.
I really appreciate it.
Yeah. Of course.
If there's anything else
you feel like talking
about, feel free.
You know I'm a good listener,
and Casey's...
Casey. Yeah, I get it.
It's hard, you know.
I wish I could
bottle my feelings up
and not be so vulnerable.
Well, maybe you should tell that
to your armies in Australia.
You've got to be kidding me.
Okay.
Who is that? Is it Alex?
'Cause, uh, maybe
if we're all in this
sort of caring mood,
you could send her
a little text that says,
"I love you."
You know, which would be nice
for the both of you.
It's Walker. She needs to meet.
She didn't use the secure line?
Well, okay. Fine
Let's go, then.
No, She said, "Come alone."
Volkoff must be
in the vicinity.
Ca... No, no.
Casey, forget that.
She needs us.
Bartowski,
this is a delicate situation.
Volkoff knows who you are.
You stay put.
Trouble comes up,
I'll be in contact.
When you broke
the Gobbler out of prison,
did you, by any chance,
happen to run into this man?
I was using him.
He's still loyal to me, so why
not take advantage of that?
Good answer.
Now, let's prove that it's true.
I took the liberty of posing
as you and summoning him here.
All I want you to do
is go up to the ninth floor,
and kill John Casey.
Frost will go with you to make
sure it all happens correctly.
Oh! By the way!
I'll be watching.
So let's make it exciting.
Have fun with it.
How the hell am I supposed
to make this look real?
I don't know.
But if you find a way,
give him this.
I will.
Buy me some time if
Volkoff comes up here.
Buddy, I can't take it anymore.
I got to figure out
where Casey is meeting Sarah.
Dude, I know you miss
your girl, believe me,
but Casey said that
we had to stay put.
No. No, Morgan.
This is not
about me missing her, okay?
What if they're in danger?
What if they need the Intersect?
I'm going to Castle.
Maybe I can hack
into Casey's phone.
Trident Tower, ninth floor.
What?
Trident Tower, ninth floor...
that's where they're going.
I happen to be really good at
the quick-look-at-your-phone
when-you-get-a-text-but
you-didn't-know-I-looked look.
You're angry at me
because I withheld information.
I get it, but, dude, I...
I thought
I did it for your own good.
And, by the way,
I didn't even...
know that you were gone,
so-so that's interesting.
I'm just pretty much here
talking to myself.
My turn.
What you doing,
Walker? Hmm?
That a girl.
What are you doing?
I'm supposed to kill you.
Volkoff is watching.
Look.
Good. Now follow my lead.
General, something's up.
There are guards
in front of the building.
Casey was contacted
off the secure line.
I'll call you
when I have eyes on him.
Chuck, you're just in time.
Just in time for what?
There's a particular moment
when an agent makes the decision
to stop pretending,
and to take the leap
to join the other side.
It's a
game-changing step.
Your mother made it
all those years ago.
And now, if you'll
come with me,
we'll see if Sarah's going
to make the same step.
I think she will.
Come on.
I can't leave here
without killing you.
How do we sell this?
Duck.
Oh! I'll let you retrieve
your weapon, you shoot me
in the shoulder.
I'm not going to shoot you.
Look who I found!
Chuck!
What are you doing here?
Well, I thought we had a truce,
but I like a little rascal
who doesn't always listen.
Truce, huh?
You have an interesting way
of keeping your end
of the bargain, Alexei.
Okay, then.
Throw me out the window.
What?!
The window.
Look, there's a little
platform down there.
It's only 40 feet.
I've done 60, easy.
I'll be fine, I promise.
Okay. But you better be fine,
or else I'll really kill you.
Okay.
I'm here to find Casey.
Where is he?
I'll show you.
When you get back to Castle,
give this to Chuck.
Huh?
Okay?
Quite a brawl.
Sarah?
I notice your
gun's gone missing.
You want me to finish him?
No.
Kill him, Agent Walker.
Is that all you got? Huh?
No!
No, Casey!
Whoa!
It's done.
Why...?
Why?
Don't you see, Charles?
She did this all for you.
Bit of paternal advice.
You might want to give
her a little bit of space.
Taking a leap like this
is painful for all involved.
But congratulations.
You're one step closer
to the woman you love.
Chuck...
Chuck?
You ready to go?
I'm ready.
Good.
I'm sorry.
Maybe involving Chuck's cronies
wasn't the best idea.
Okay, it was the worst idea.
Look, not
having the baby named
is making me a little anxious,
and I understand
if you don't like that name,
but you haven't liked any name.
What?! I've liked names.
Like what?
Like, um...
Like Clara.
Well, I like Clara.
Really?
Yeah.
Clara.
Is that her name?
I mean,
this is a huge decision.
One that'll set her path
the rest of her life.
Devon, we are gonna have to make
a million decisions like this.
This is called being a parent.
I know, but this is
the first one.
I think I've been stalling just
because I want to get it right.
Okay, I'll make it easy
for you... Clara or Gr.nka?
Clara it is!
Little Clara Woodcomb.
I can't believe you thought
I was gonna name
our baby Gr.nka.
Gr.nka... the name of the
spoons that I bought at Ikea.
I had you going there
for a minute, though.
Spoons?
Mm-hmm.
From Ikea?
That's right.
♪ ♪
It gets easier.
How?
Distance.
Ladies...
invigorating work back there.
Let's get home.
How, Morgan?
How could she do this?
Oh, my God... Dad.
He looks awful.
I barely even know him,
and I already love him so much.
I know.
Well, he's going to be okay.
I promise.
And he loves you, too.
Trust me.
More than you know.
♪ ♪
Distance.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org